Updating readme to use testflight to distribute the app (#221)
ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project: README.md

## Installation

> ### For version 0.4.0 and above

Reviewer: Let's add this in the future if it'll be actual.
```suggestion
### For version 0.4.0
```

Author: Fixed with 4f56140

> 1. Click [Here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/testflight/id899247664?mt=8) to find the TestFlight application in the AppStore
> 
> 1. Click “Download” to install the TestFlight application.
> 
> 1. After installation, open the application. A TestFlight app notification appears asking for permission to send notifications. Click “Allow” to receive notifications about app updates.
> 
> 1. On the “Welcome” screen, click the “Continue” button. You can now install the Woof mobile app. Follow the link below: https://testflight.apple.com/join/mGNJXIwt

Reviewer: nit: 
Maybe make it a bit simpler
```suggestion
1. Download and install TestFlight application. [Link]((https://apps.apple.com/us/app/testflight/id899247664?mt=8) on TestFlight on App Store.

2. Open TestFlight and allow to receive notifications about app updates.

3. On the “Welcome” screen, click the “Continue” button. You can now install the Woof mobile app.
```

Author: In my opinion a more detailed version of the installation description is more user-friendly.

> 1. Click [Here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/testflight/id899247664?mt=8) to find the TestFlight application in the AppStore
> 
> 1. Click “Download” to install the TestFlight application.
> 
> 1. After installation, open the application. A TestFlight app notification appears asking for permission to send notifications. Click “Allow” to receive notifications about app updates.
> 
> 1. On the “Welcome” screen, click the “Continue” button. You can now install the Woof mobile app. Follow the link below: https://testflight.apple.com/join/mGNJXIwt
> 
> 1. The invitation screen for the Woof app will appear with a description of the app. Click “Accept” to accept the invitation to our beta testing program.
> 
> 1. After accepting the invitation, click “Install” to install the Woof application.
> 
> 1. You can then open the Woof application by clicking the “Open” button.
> 
> 1. Finally, you will see a screen with the application version and changelog; here we publish what has been updated in the current version. Click “Next” to continue.
> 
> 1. Click “Start Testing” to complete the installation process.
> 
> 1. You will see the “Welcome” screen of the Woof app. Choose role and start using the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Pre-requisites**: 
Installed `TestFlight`. If you don't how to install the `TestFlight` please follow the next steps:

 1. Click [here](ttps://apps.apple.com/us/app/testflight/id899247664?mt=8) to find the `TestFlight` application in the `AppStore`.

1. Click `Download` to install the `TestFlight` application.

1. After installation, open the application. A `TestFlight` notification appears asking for permission to send notifications. Click `Allow` to receive notifications about app updates.

1. On the `Welcome` screen, click the `Continue` button. 

**Installation process**:
1. You can now install the `Woof` mobile app following the link below: https://testflight.apple.com/join/mGNJXIwt

1. The invitation screen for the `Woof` application will appear with a description of the application. Click `Accept` to accept the invitation to our beta testing program.

1. After accepting the invitation, click `Install` to install the `Woof` application.

1. You can then open the `Woof` application by clicking the `Open` button.

1. Finally, you will see a screen with the application version and changelog, here we publish what has been updated in the current version. Click `Next` to continue.

1. Click `Start Testing` to complete the installation process.

1. Now you can use the `Woof` application. Choose role and enjoy the application.
```

Author: Ok, fixed with 8009a03
